---
description: Tutorial on output coins in the Incognito network.
---
# Output Coins in Incognito
The most important aspect of a blockchain is transactions. Everything else in is intended to ensure that transactions can be created, broadcast to the network, validated, and finally added to the global transaction ledger (the blockchain). In most cases, a transaction refers to previous transaction outputs as new transaction inputs and converts all input values to new outputs. In this tutorial, we will look at UTXOs, which are the basic building blocks of an Incognito transaction.

A UTXO can have an arbitrary value denominated as a multiple of *nano-token* (10^-9). Just like dollars can be divided down to two decimal places as cents, a UTXO inside the Incognito network can be divided down to night decimal places. An Incognito transaction can combine upto 32 inputs and create at most 32 outputs. 

As we have [upgraded the Privacy layer to the version 2](https://we.incognito.org/t/incognito-2021-q3-4-timeline/11350), the Incognito network is now accepting two versions of output coins. However, the acceptance of output coins of version 1 will soon be suspended.

Next, we'll walk through the two versions of output coins within the Incognito network.

## Coin V1
A CoinV1 is used as an input, or an output coin of a transaction v1, or it can be used as an input of a [conversion transaction](../transactions/convert.md). It can be expressed as follows.
```go
type CoinV1 struct {
	publicKey    		*crypto.Point
	commitment   		*crypto.Point
	snDerivator 		*crypto.Scalar
	serialNumber 		*crypto.Point
	randomness   		*crypto.Scalar
	value        		uint64
	info         		[]byte
	CoinDetailsEncrypted *hybridencryption.HybridCipherText
}
```
Here is a quick explanation of these fields.

Name | Description |
-------------|-------------|
**Version** | The version of the coin.
**PublicKey** | The public key of the coin. This value is the same as the public key of its owner.
**Commitment** | The coin commitment. The commitment of a CoinV1 commits to its public key, its amount, the shardID it belongs to, its SNDerivator.
**SNDerivator** | The coin serial number derivator used to calculate the serial number.
**KeyImage** | The key image of the input coin, for checking double-spending (a.k.a serial number).
**Randomness** | The blinding factor in the commitment.
**Value** | The input coin amount.
**Info** | Memo of the input coin.
**CoinDetailsEncrypted** | The encrypted content of coins, used in privacy transaction. When used as an output of a transaction V1, this field contains the [hybrid-encrypted](../../../coin/coin_v1.go) information only known to the sender and the receiver.


## Coin V2
A CoinV2 is used as an input, or an output coin of a transaction v2. It includes the following fields.

```go
type CoinV2 struct {
	version    			uint8
	info       			[]byte
	publicKey  			*crypto.Point
	commitment 			*crypto.Point
	keyImage   			*crypto.Point
	sharedConcealRandom *crypto.Scalar 
	sharedRandom        *crypto.Scalar 
	txRandom            *TxRandom      
	mask   				*crypto.Scalar
	amount 				*crypto.Scalar
	assetTag 			*crypto.Point
}
```

A CoinV2 shares a lot of common fields with a CoinV1. We will only explain some of the prominent differences.
* **PublicKey**. Unlike a CoinV1, the public key of a CoinV2 is unique thanks to the use of [*one-time addresses*](https://we.incognito.org/t/one-time-address-improve-on-privacy-and-pdex-performance/6680). That is, two different CoinV2 of a user have different public keys.
* **AssetTag**. In Privacy V2, we employ a so-called [*confidential assets*](https://we.incognito.org/t/ongoing-confidential-asset/5607) to hide the actual token being transferred.
* **SharedRandom**, **SharedConcealRandom**. Two private values generated by the sender to ensure anonymity and confidentiality of transactions.
* **TxRandom**. This value consists of the shared randomness factors only known to the sender and the receiver to ensure asset confidentiality, sender and receiver anonymity.
* **Mask**. This is the same as the **Randomness** field in a CoinV1.
* **Commitment**. The commitment of a CoinV2 only commits to its value.

## Convert a CoinV1 to a CoinV2

There is a special type of transactions which helps convert a CoinV1 into a CoinV2, called **ConversionTransaction**. Please see this [tutorial](../transactions/convert.md) for more detail. In the next [tutorial](../), we will learn how to retrieve our output coins from the network.

--- 
Return to [the table of contents](../../../README.md).